step: 0.0, Real data: a, Predict data: a, result: True
step: 0.0, Real data: a, Predict data: a, result: True
step: 0.0, Real data: a, Predict data: a, result: True
step: 0.0, Real data: a, Predict data: a, result: True
step: 0.0, Real data: a, Predict data: a, result: True
step: 0.0, Real data: a, Predict data: a, result: True
step: 0.0, Real data: a, Predict data: a, result: True
step: 0.0, Real data: a, Predict data: a, result: True
step: 0.0, Real data: a, Predict data: a, result: True
step: 0.0, Real data: a, Predict data: b, result: False
step: 1.0, Real data: b, Predict data: a, result: False
step: 1.0, Real data: b, Predict data: a, result: False
step: 1.0, Real data: b, Predict data: b, result: True
step: 1.0, Real data: b, Predict data: a, result: False
step: 1.0, Real data: b, Predict data: b, result: True
step: 1.0, Real data: b, Predict data: a, result: False
step: 1.0, Real data: b, Predict data: b, result: True
step: 1.0, Real data: b, Predict data: b, result: True
step: 1.0, Real data: b, Predict data: a, result: False
step: 1.0, Real data: b, Predict data: b, result: True
step: 2.0, Real data: c, Predict data: c, result: True
step: 2.0, Real data: c, Predict data: c, result: True
step: 2.0, Real data: c, Predict data: c, result: True
step: 2.0, Real data: c, Predict data: c, result: True
step: 2.0, Real data: c, Predict data: c, result: True
step: 2.0, Real data: c, Predict data: c, result: True
step: 2.0, Real data: c, Predict data: c, result: True
step: 2.0, Real data: c, Predict data: c, result: True
step: 2.0, Real data: c, Predict data: c, result: True
step: 2.0, Real data: c, Predict data: c, result: True
step: 3.0, Real data: d, Predict data: d, result: True
step: 3.0, Real data: d, Predict data: d, result: True
step: 3.0, Real data: d, Predict data: d, result: True
step: 3.0, Real data: d, Predict data: c, result: False
step: 3.0, Real data: d, Predict data: d, result: True
step: 3.0, Real data: d, Predict data: d, result: True
step: 3.0, Real data: d, Predict data: d, result: True
step: 3.0, Real data: d, Predict data: d, result: True
step: 3.0, Real data: d, Predict data: d, result: True
step: 3.0, Real data: d, Predict data: c, result: False
step: 4.0, Real data: e, Predict data: e, result: True
step: 4.0, Real data: e, Predict data: e, result: True
step: 4.0, Real data: e, Predict data: e, result: True
step: 4.0, Real data: e, Predict data: e, result: True
step: 4.0, Real data: e, Predict data: e, result: True
step: 4.0, Real data: e, Predict data: a, result: False
step: 4.0, Real data: e, Predict data: e, result: True
step: 4.0, Real data: e, Predict data: e, result: True
step: 4.0, Real data: e, Predict data: e, result: True
step: 4.0, Real data: e, Predict data: c, result: False
accuracy : 80.000000%, test count : 50